What are you doing?
Write down the bank card number and let me go
Shut up dad look
Ya'er, don't fool around.
Marriage is a big deal
The Qin family treats you
I don't want you to promise me
Lin Yan added 2 million
I'll give you 5 million
You have to go.
Qin Yan, I'm doing this for your own good, understand?
Ah Lei Shao
Don't worry.
This matter will not get out.
As for your marriage with Yan'er
We can take our time.
The face of his master
I still have to finish
Haha dad
This is the marriage certificate that grandpa personally gave you.
You're still too young.
It's not hard to copy notes
Go a little deeper.
Even if you agreed to marry
I don't agree either.
Grandpa
Are you okay?
No, I'm just treating my fiancee
Just this money from your family
Ming Ye, you are shameless
This 5 million sent by the Qin family
It's an existence you can't earn in your life
I see you broke free a lot
If you really want to be in the palace of the Qin family, you don't pee
As you see it, what more do you want?
Don't think you'll be fine if you don't charge
This is your consultation fee.
Dad
Don't you count the marriages I personally ordered?